
Event Horizon Plot

The exploration ship LMS Matsuri is lost in deep space after jumping in a wormhole that closed right behind them. They must find an escape and survive the attacks of a mysterious alien race, the Xerezith.

The main goal of the Matsuri crew is to surviv escape this Sector of the galaxy by jumping in a worm hole located inside the black hole called the Zeta Gate.

The Zeta Gate's event horizon hosts the crown ship, a Xerezith mothership that uses the tremendous energy field of the worm hole to fuel its engines.

To escape the Xerezith sector, the Matsuri's crew will have to build a Hyperion Wayfarer that will allow the ship to resist the gravitational field of the Zeta Gate.

This Hyperion Wayfarer is split in several parts, among which the most prominent is the Singularity Core.

The Hyperion Wayfarer itself will allow gradual upgrades to the ship, allowing for supranatural feats, such as short distance warping, stealth navigation and time control. 

But only when the Singularity Core is found and the Hyperion Wayfarer assembled, the Matsuri will become able to navigate through the Zeta Gate and fight the monstrous Crown Ship.

Part I - Lost in space
Part II - Investigation
Part III - Assembly
Part IV - The Run

Part I - Lost in space

The crew must recover from their hardships and face an unknown threat.

	Chapter 1 - The Void

The LMS Matsuri is damaged and lost in space after a wormhole corssing made it jump to an unknown sector of the Milky Way.

The crew, lead by Taeresa Niemeyer, is trying to recover from the shock when they are attacked by strange looking ships. Unfortunately, with no other weapon than their LAB (Laser analysis beam), they must maneuver the ship to avoid most attacks. The science officer, Weilin Gu, is trying to gather information about the attackers.

	Chapter 2 - Cosmic Puzzle

After this first encounter, the crew of Matsuri is trying to find out who those ships were. Several hypothesises arise, but the only consistent one is the obvious : they encountered an unknown alien race. Meanwhile, Weilin proceeds to find another escape wormhole and discovers a strange gravitational configuration in the sector.

	Chapter 3 - Linear Reasoning

On an antique wreck, the crew find an alien blueprint of what seems to be an Hyperion Wayfarer, a device able to maintain a perfect mass and shape in the harshest gravitational fields, similar to the ones that are found in black holes.

Part II - Singularity

The crew assembles the Hyperion Wayfarer gradually.

	Chapter 1
	Chapter 2

Using the new stealth ability of the Hyperion Wayfarer, the Matsuri must sneak its way through a huge Xerezith hive ship.

	Chapter 3

Part III - Singularity

The final run through the core of the Xerezith sector, and the escape through the Zeta Gate.

	Chapter 1 - The final piece

The crew must still find a Singularity Core in order to assemble a fully fonctional Hyperion Wayfarer. They must venture through a dangerous asteroid field to find it.

	Chapter 2 - One Last Step

In the very core of the Xerezith sector, the crew must fight its way through hordes of elite ships to reach the dreaded Zeta Gate.

	Chapter 3 - Event Horizon

At the surface of the Zeta Gate's event horizon, out of time and space, the Matsuri must face the dreadful Crown Ship that guards the exit through the Wormhole. After disabling it temporarily, they sneak their way and escape... 

To another part of the galaxy.

