OVERVIEW

The player controls a spaceship in puzzle-like arenas, and must destroy all enemies to gain access to the next level. The player's ships has two unique abilities : a lethal laser and a mirror shield able to repel enemy projectiles.

GAMEPLAY

1. To gain access to the next level, the player must destroy all enemy ships.

2. The player's ship is driven by mouse and keyboard. 

2a. The mouse controls the orientation.

2b. The keyboard controls the ship's position.

3. The player has two commands : shoot and shield.

4. The shoot command casts a laser beam forward.

4b. The laser destroys everything in its way. It is a good thing to make combos.

5. When the player shields, a mirror-like sphere surrounds the ship, making the enemy projectiles bounce off it, but also making it unable to shoot.

6. Enemies fire lethal spherical projectiles. One hit is enough to kill.

7. A bounced projectile can destroy a ship.

8. Enemies have a partial mirror shield and must be killed from an angle. 

9. Some surfaces can reflect projectiles like shields.

9a. Thus, the player can shoot a laser that will bounce several times before destroying enemies, for instance hidden behind obstacles.

9b. The player can use enemies as deflectors to destroy obstructed enemies.

10. The player earns points by :
- destroying enemy ships, with bonus when destroying several ships in a row,
- avoiding enemy projectiles from the closest distance possible.
- Killing enemies with bouncing projectiles, be it the enemy balls or the player's laser.

AMBIENCE

1. Each level plays a different piece of classical music, whose mood matches the rythm of the ballet of the enemy ships.

2. When a ship is destroyed, a short and dry "boom" sound plays, similar to a distant fireworks, and the screen shakes briefly.

3. Reactions of the audience :
- When the player's ship is destroyed : "Oooooh" of disappointment.
- When the player's ship avoids an enemy projectiles from close distance : "Aaaaah" of admiration.
- When the player's ship destroys several enemies in a row : Praises and applauses.

4. When the player's ship is destroyed, a message in calligraphy appears : "You are dead." and two choices : "Die Again", "Leave shamefully".

DIFFICULTY

1.There are three levels of difficulty : Hard, Insane and Japanese. The Japanese level is the hardest and switches all the texts to the corresponding language.




